Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
GAFE: IN THE DICTIONARY.
IT MEANS BAD LUCK. A BUZZKILL.
BUT IN THE MEXICAN ARMY. THE GAFES
ARE LEGENDARY ELITE COMMANDOS.
THERE ARE ONLY A FEW OF THEM.
UNSEEN. UNHEARD. LEAVING NO TRACE.
IN COMBAT. THEY FACE THE UNTHINKABLE.
FROM THIS IS BORN AN UNBREAKABLE BOND.
A BLOOD COVENANT
THAT THEY CALL THE MYSTICAL UNION.
IT IS NOT QUESTIONED. IT IS NOT BETRAYED.
IT NEVER EXPIRES.
TONIGHT. THEY ARE ON A MISSION
THAT WILL CHANGE THEIR LIVES FOREVER.
COMRADES
CAPTAIN
CARLOS ESTRADA
MIGUEL DÍAZ
LIEUTENANT
DOLORES
"LOLA" RAMÍREZ
AURELIO
"THE ETERNAL ROOKIE"
SPECIAL FORCES AIR MOBILE GROUP
G.A.F.E.
BLOOD
COVENANT
MYSTICAL UNION
RETIRED COLONEL
HÉCTOR LUNA
COLONEL
GABRIELA PÉREZ RANGEL
EDITH AND INÉZ DIAZ
SIX MONTHS LATER
20:45 HRS - BLACKOUT
20:48 HRS - BELLBOY DIES?
20:56 HRS
ARRIVAL ROOM
HÉCTOR LUNA
WHERE ARE THEY HIDING HIM?
WE NOW HAVE A WINNER OF THE GRAND PRIZE
FROM SORTEOS DE MEXICO
1.000 MILLIONS. THE BIGGEST IN HISTORY
THE TICKET IS
CHANNEL 17
TURN ON THE TV
INSUBORDINATE GAFES
SEARCH
FILTER BY PACIFIC
FILTERS
PABLO PÉREZ - DECEASED
HÉCTOR LUNA - ARRESTED
JUAN C. ORTEGA - DISAPPEARED
VERIFYING ACCESS
ACCESS AUTHORIZED
BIRDS MASSACRE
MERCILESSLY MURDERED
HIS FELLOW SOLDIERS
HORROR IN TRANQUILITY:
MASSACRE WITHOUT HUMANITY
FULL NAME:
JUAN CARLOS ORTEGA MARTÍNEZ
ALIAS: "THE JACKAL"
CURRENT ADDRESS:
156 GEN. ELIZONDO STREET
MEXICO CITY
UNSOLVED MURDER
AT THE LUZ DEL LAGO HOTEL
I'm here now.
shadow
ambush. get out
now
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-